HP35s Programming

Ver.00.1
Author: Kyle Love
Date: 8/27/2020

Notes -

Variable Usage:

(A-G) - Used for program input and output. Var A is used for programs C and D. Volatile data.

(H) - Used for loops in programs Y and Z to loop through the elements of the stack.

(J) - Pointer for the last stored element of indirect memory. Used by programs P, T, Y, and Z.

(X, Y, Z, T) - Temporary variables for the stack registers. Used by programs S, W, and X. Volatile data.

(W) - Additional temporary variable. Used by program X. Volatile data.

(I) - Additional indirect memory pointer. currently unused.

(K-S, U, V) - Unused variables
    plans on using variables
    (K, L, M) - for more loop/flag information
    (N-S) - Program data, such as pointers for different stacks


Flags:

(4) - Used to denote if the current x register from the stack should be saved into variable X. Checked by programs X and Z.


Programs/routines:

W() - Write the stack registers to temp variables X, Y, Z, T respectively

X() - Read temp variables X, Y, Z, T into stack registers. Places previous x register into Var X if flag 4 is set.

Y() - Write stack registers to indirect variables. Uses var J as a pointer to the last placed item and H to loop through the elements of the stacks

Z() - Places last 4 indirect variables into the stack registers. Decrements var J and uses H to loop the stack.

S() - Swaps temp variables X, Y, Z, T with stack registers

P() - Puts the x register into the next indirect memory address using var J and H.

T() - Takes the last element in indirect memory and pushes it onto the stack(stack lift/stack push). basically pop() from a list.

C() - Compresses values in X, Y, Z registers into a single 3 element vector in the X register and A variable. Also places previous T register into the Y register.
      Uses the T temp variable.

D() - Decompresses a vector in the A variable to the X, Y, Z vectors. Flag 3 places the X register into the A variable before computation (if that is where the vector is).
      Previous X register will move to register T.
